Let's take a closer look at models, we will use the blog post model we have already created as an example.
First and foremost, every model is coupled with one database table.
Every database table should have its own model of class.
The model is a PE class that always extends the base model class.
You should no doubt AP classes have static and instant's methods.
Static methods belong to a class and instant's methods belong to a specific class instance, static
methods in model are used to query the database, which returns model instances or to create new models,
which also returns instances.
You can say that model static methods represent the whole database table.
Now, you can say the model instance matters represent an individual table role.
So Save Method will create or update the table record, delete method will remove the table record.
Model instance properties are directly marched to the database columns.
As an example, take a look at the blog posts, stable, I'd title content are both the column names
and the class instance properties.
Model instance properties are used to read and modify the column values.
You should also note that models have relationships to other models and also events.
We will talk about that in details later.